We have connected your leg with the best medicine
You can walk after half a month of cultivation.
I have long suspected that there is something wrong with that Song Wu
I also stole to investigate
But I didn't expect it to be too late
Don't Blame You
That's him!
He didn't believe me.
I want to see him
Both legs were broken deep in the forest
Xiaoya to help me
He was bullied by Sun Liancheng and the others
And you know what?
Xiaowu Xiaoya, we erased that memory for him.
Restored his body
I also killed all the people who bullied him.
I have also arranged everything at his house.
Thanks.
Little master, my mother asked me to take care of you
He said he was sorry for you.
How's it going?
IF
He thinks it's begging you.
He was slashed a dozen times
Every knife is a fatal wound
And he was poisoned.
But what's wrong?
A lifetime